updated the pydoc for running a custom model on Beam (#23218)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/sdks/python-machine-learning.md

   `model_uri=<path_to_pickled_file>` and `model_file_type: <ModelFileType>`, where you can specify
   `ModelFileType.PICKLE` or `ModelFileType.JOBLIB`, depending on how the model was serialized.

### Use custom models

> In fact, the RunInference API is designed flexibly to allow you to use any custom machine learning models. You only need to create your own `ModelHandler` or `KeyedModelHandler` to handle how the ML models are loaded from a location that the pipeline can access and how to use these models to run the inference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use a model that isn't specified by one of the supported frameworks, the RunInference API is designed flexibly to allow you to use any custom machine learning models.
You only need to create your own `ModelHandler` or `KeyedModelHandler` with logic to load your model and use it to run the inference.
```

Mostly a wording nit, but I'd also like to emphasize that this shouldn't be the default option (the default is using one of the existing model handlers). Ideally over time we will support enough frameworks that creating a custom model handler is no longer a common need at all, but in general we want to point people to our handlers first so that they get any improvements for free.

Author: looks good. Thanks for rewording these.

A simple example can be found in [this notebook](https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/master/examples/notebooks/beam-ml/run_custom_inference.ipynb).

> The `load_model` method is created to load the models using a popular `spaCy` package while `run_inference` shows how to run the inference on a batch of examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `load_model` method shows how to load the model using a popular `spaCy` package while `run_inference` shows how to run the inference on a batch of examples.
```
